Fix: Add TCPMon usage with WSO2 Micro Integrator (#2251)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/observe-and-manage/classic-observability-tcp/message-monitoring-with-tcpmon.md

    windows.

    ![TCPMon console option]({{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/tcp/tcp-console-options.png)

> ## Using TCPMon with WSO2 Micro Integrator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using TCPMon with WSO2 Integrator: MI
```

> When developing integrations with WSO2 Micro Integrator (MI), you can use TCPMon to monitor messages in two main ways: intercepting messages sent to the MI, and intercepting messages sent from the MI to an external backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When developing integrations with WSO2 Integrator: MI, you can use TCPMon to monitor messages in two main ways: intercepting messages sent to the MI, and intercepting messages sent from the MI to an external backend.
```

> ### 1. Monitoring Messages Sent TO WSO2 MI (Client -> TCPMon -> MI)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Monitoring messages sent to WSO2 MI (Client -> TCPMon -> MI)
```

> If you want to inspect the requests sent from a client application before they reach a proxy service or API hosted on the Micro Integrator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to inspect the requests sent from a client application before they reach a proxy service or API hosted in MI:
```

1. Identify the port your MI service is listening on (e.g., `8290` for HTTP).
2. Open TCPMon and add a listener on an unused port (e.g., `8291`).
3. Set the **Target Hostname** to `localhost` (or the IP of the MI server).
4. Set the **Target Port** to `8290`.
5. Update your client application to send its requests to the TCPMon listener port (`http://localhost:8291/...`) instead of directly to the MI. 
6. TCPMon will capture the incoming request, display it, and forward it to the Micro Integrator.

> ### 2. Monitoring Messages Sent FROM WSO2 MI (MI -> TCPMon -> Backend)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Monitoring messages sent from WSO2 MI (MI -> TCPMon -> Backend)
```

> To inspect the outgoing payload the Micro Integrator sends to an external backend service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To inspect the outgoing payload that MI sends to an external backend service:
```

1. Identify the backend service hostname and port (e.g., `backend.com` on port `80`).
2. Open TCPMon and add a listener on an unused local port (e.g., `8081`).
3. Set the **Target Hostname** to the backend's hostname (`backend.com`).
4. Set the **Target Port** to the backend's port (`80`).

> 5. In your Micro Integrator integration artifact (e.g., the `<endpoint>` definition), change the target URL to point to the TCPMon listener (`http://localhost:8081/...`) instead of the actual backend URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In your MI integration artifact (e.g., the `<endpoint>` definition), change the target URL to point to the TCPMon listener (`http://localhost:8081/...`) instead of the actual backend URL.
```
